An individual with a grown mindset has the understanding that success comes through the process of learning. We all start
at the same place, having no information about the world, but we can get that information through the process of learning.

An individual with a fixed mindset focuses on the aspect of being smart, being a "natural", or being "good" at something.
Ability is percieved as a function of an individual's nature, not something to be changed, but something one either has or
doesn't have.

An example:

In school, I struggled greatly with math. I remember sitting in Algebra 1 thinking that I just wasn't any good at this stuff,
I got a twenty or thirty percent on our speed tests, and made anywhere between fifty and seventy percent on my homework. The
numbers didn't make sense, the concepts were non-existent, and I struggled to get by. The next year in Geometry, I saw
algebraic equations expressed in physical terms. All of a sudden things started making sense. Excited by the new information,
I would read ahead in the textbook to learn all I could. The following year in Algebra II, I was in the dark again. Things
never added up right and I didn't understand a thing. Frustrated by this, I stopped paying attention in class. I could never
follow what the teacher was saying, so I didn't even try. I skated along. One night, we had a difficult homework assignment
that I was unable to complete. Remembering what I did in Geometry, I opened the textbook and started to read. All of a sudden,
everything made sense. I realied that I was actually good at math. I could just read the book, and voila. It's like frozen
knowledge that you can just pop in the microwave. At first I had a fixed mindset. I thought I was bad a math. Slowly, I
realized this was not the case. I could just read the book. This transformed my mindset into a growth mindset that allowed me
a process by which I could achieve a goal. It was okay if I wasn't "good" at math because I had a process by which to become 
"good."

I'm using this proocess to learn things here at The Iron Yard. There are a lot of new concepts being thrown around, but with
enough practice, I can be a successful front end developer. I guess I'm supposed to say that I'm already a developer. In that
case, I can be a more successful front end developer. 
